== TicTacToe

This is a tic-tac-toe game written in Rails.

Restrictions: Each game has 2 players. The first player is always playing with 'X', the second always with '0'. Players change turns after each round.

== Design

=== Models:
---
==== Game
  A game is a match between two players. It represents multiple rounds played by the same two players.

  Attributes:
  - player1: The name of the first player.
  - player2: The name of the second player.
  - player_score1: The wins count of the first player.
  - player_score2: The wins count of the second player.
  - play_count: The count of rounds played (it counts draw's too).
  - round: Each game has a single round. It's used to store the game state. After a round is finished, the round is reset and reused.

---
==== Round
  A round represents a single instance of a game play.

  Attributes:
  - board_state: The state of the board. It's represented as a string of 9 characters, stored by rows, each row is represented by 3 characters. The following characters are possible:
    * X
    * 0
    * _ - The corresponding cell is empty.
  - current_player: The player which will make the next move.

=== Controllers:
---
==== GamesController
  Actions:
  * index - Shows the games history and the leaderboard.
  * new - displays the form asking for the 2 player names.
  * create - creates the game.
  * show - allows the current round to be played.

---
==== RoundsController
  Actions:
  * update: called when a user makes a move. Called via AJAX.
  * create: when a new round is started, called when clicking "Next round".

=== Helpers:
---
==== RoundsHelper
  Methods:
    player_name_field - used in partial rounds/_current_player.html.erb to display the player's name field during the round. Changes colors for current_player.
    cell_html - Used in partial rounds/_table.html.erb to generate a td tag for a cell of the playing field. When a cell is filled or when the round is.

=== Javascripts:
---
==== Rounds.js.coffee
- Sets the play table cells to be clickable and places POST calls for the data-link on each cell.

== How to run tests
```
bin/rspec spec
```

